Are all cats psychic?
Are all curves sexy?
Are potatoes the best?
Are there funny euphemisms for masturbation?
Are there more than 5 mammals inside your house?
Are there owls?
Are you breathing through the left nostril?
Are you wearing comfortable undergarments?
Can plants hate?
Did you know you can chew chewable medicine?
Do hats exist?
Are straw hats necessary for the enjoyment of country music?
Do you enjoy spicy food and spicy language?
Do you have a high tolerance for green coloring in beer?
Do you have pleasure toys in your house?
Do you know how to dance polka?
Do you know the way to San Jose?
Do you know what a queef is?
Do you know why x% of y is the same as y% of x?
Do you know your grandmother's crush?
Do you like being putty in a special someone's hands?
Do you like my nails?
Do you like reading softcore porn or erotica, even if only on rare occasions??
Do you like the Scooby Doo series?
Do you play video games with aliens in them?
Do you prefer cats to dogs?
Do you prefer dogs to cats?
Do you put whiskey in your daily coffee? Why not?
Do you serve milk before cereal in the bowl?
Do you sleep on your side?
Do you support gay divorce?
Do you swallow chewing gum after 5 minutes?
Do you think Harry Potter is overrated and OMG why won't people shut up about him?
Do you think Harry Potter should have married Hermione Granger?
Do you think about marmosets a lot?
Do you think green lipstick would fit Marilyn Manson's features?
Do you think insects can feel pleasure?
Do you think someone could be aroused by the smell of petroleum jelly?
Do you think you could put your whole arm in a condom?
Have you become your own father/mother?
Have you ever been awarded something?
Have you ever been embarrassed by your parents in public?
Have you ever cheated on a test?
Have you ever come out naked from your bathroom and someone saw you accidently?
Have you ever enjoyed the pleasures of a one night stand?
Have you ever farted to mark territory?
Have you ever felt attraction for someone in a position of authority over you (a boss, a teacher, etc)?
Have you ever fractured a bone?
Have you ever got a hickey on your neck or groin?
Have you ever licked ChapStick?
Have you ever locked yourself out of the car or home? Did you cry?
Have you ever played Chicken against a live chicken?
Have you ever scratched testicles (either yours or someone else's)?
Have you ever seen a ghost, even if they don't exist?
Have you ever seen an angel, even if they don't exist?
Have you ever seen someone changing their clothes? Did you take pics?
Have you ever seen the rain?
Have you ever sent an embarrasing love letter?
Have you ever slept more than 12 hours straight?
Have you ever stayed awake for a whole night?
Have you ever talked to yourself while watching in the mirror?
Have you ever thought what Freddy Mercury looked like naked?
Have you ever written bad poems on a notebook?
Have you found bliss in the warm embrace of a coworker?
If given the chance, would you go staight for 3rd base?
If ignorance is bliss, is the reverse true?
If only one person uses their tongue, is it still a French kiss?
Is pleasure from food as good as pleasure from massages?
Is your body odour today a lot stronger than average? 
Is your tongue uncomfortable?
MEN ONLY: Have you ever given or been given *The Nod*?
Should we replace baseball with Bo-taoshi as a metaphor for sex?
WOMEN ONLY: Have you ever given or been given *The Nod*?
Was Adam a snitch?
Were you of legal age when you started fantasizing about Kate Upton?
Does your mother know?